The last is correspondence with curtain and grass of the 11th now
Beneath not wanna good anti please channel to enter the query center of Tanaka
I could not change it
First of all, it took 10 minutes in the central section
Helluva t 4 Well force Ke N'
That's right it's be grateful kind of one-touch
Really man I will the ok such as acrobatics is
However, Japan follow- up chance to catch on in 26 minutes
Important director
It was a good stroke to aim at
Error to aim the roll key part 1-to-1 day score
I decided to
Catch up with 4 ties
But the first half 30 minutes again again -Tamano Tamano this one touch Oh
And the like that cross a little bit What Gomen
It was a very difficult situation in Japan that Taichi China victory overcame this situation
The second half of the 10-minute penalty corner
I will be blocked from Japan This penalty corner that flowed today can not be scored
Karaya has been in Japan
But around Japan
Although it will beast lost was to show once in a total of 20 of minutes
Judgment changed to the penalty corner
Kuangai Nou
But now
Catch up with the score said Ne was working in this
If it is this score
I made it in the situation that participation decision game is decided
And not
China dropped a goalkeeper after falling a lip and was out for a total attack in China
It is great to shoot against it
3 over 2 win over the end of work
I decided that 4 wins and 1 division